Made edits to the content based on feedback (#144)
mulesoft/docs-api-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/policy-mule3-add-remove-headers.adoc

endif::[]
:keywords: header, policy

> API Manager supports policies for injecting or removing HTTP headers from a request or response. The policies take effect before sending the request or response.

Reviewer: "injecting or removing": I would think a more parallel phrase would be "inserting or removing" (or the pair "injecting" and "ejecting," although I think that sounds odd...).

Reviewer: Further, if the subsequent title uses "add," then maybe we want "adding or removing."

Author: Yes, I went with adding. Thanks!

> == Add Request and Add Response Headers

Reviewer 2: It should be "Header Injection Policy" (here and in the text)

Author: Done! Thanks!

> The Add Request Header policy injects one or more headers into a request from the client to the backend service, resulting in a request with old values and new ones. The Add Response Header policy injects one or more headers into a response from the backend service to the client. 

Reviewer: ditto re. "inject"

Reviewer: I don't understand how the first part of the first sentence logically leads to "resulting in a request with old values and new ones." Should we say "injects one or more new headers"? And if the response heading similarly injects new headers, why does it not result in old and new as well?

If this is something obvious to your audience (just not to me), then ignore.

Author: Ok! Thanks!

> The Add Request Header policy injects one or more headers into a request from the client to the backend service, resulting in a request with old values and new ones. The Add Response Header policy injects one or more headers into a response from the backend service to the client. 

Reviewer 2: Header Injection policy

> For example, in the a request with header "foo=value1", if we add the header "foo=value2" with the policy, the result will be a request with header "foo=value1, value2"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, in a request with the header "foo=value1", if you add the header "foo=value2" to the policy, the result is a request with the header "foo=value1, value2".
```

Author: This seems already fixed! Could not find the sentence.

== Remove Request and Remove Response Headers

> The Remove Request Header policy prevents receipt of one or more specified headers sent from the client to the backend service. The Remove Response Header policy prevents inclusion of one or more specified headers in a response from the backend service to the client.

Reviewer 2: Header Removal policy

The prerequisites for using the header policies are:

> * Assume the role of Organization Administrators or API Versions Owner for an API version you want to manage in Anypoint Platform. Applying policies is an API version management task.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Suppose that you are an organization administrator or an API version owner for an API version you want to manage in Anypoint Platform. One of your API version management tasks is applying policies.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> * Assume the role of Organization Administrators or API Versions Owner for an API version you want to manage in Anypoint Platform. Applying policies is an API version management task.

Reviewer: To what text introduction do these list items apply?

Author: "The prerequisites for using the header policies are:" Now added a heading too.

* Ensure that you are licensed to use API Manager functionality (Mule 3.8.x runtime) or API Gateway runtime 2.x.

> 

Reviewer: "runtime" here refers to the runtime itself and not the runtime engine, right?

// == Downloading Add or Remove Header Policies

//Currently, the add or remove header policies are available on Anypoint Exchange. Follow the step-by-step procedures to download, set up, and apply these policies.

//To download the header policies:

> //. Login to Anypoint Platform and go to Exchange.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
//. Log in to Anypoint Platform and navigate to Anypoint Exchange.
```

//. Search for and download the policies, or use these URLs:
//+
//* Add Request Headers Policy
//+
//`+https://www.anypoint.mulesoft.com/exchange/?search=Add%20Request%20Headers%20Policy+`
//+
//* Remove Request Headers Policy
//+
//`+https://www.anypoint.mulesoft.com/exchange/?search=Remove%20Request%20Headers%20Policy+`
//+
//* Add Response Headers Policy
//+
//`+https://www.anypoint.mulesoft.com/exchange/?search=Add%20Response%20Headers%20Policy+`
//+
//* Remove Response Headers Policy
//+
//`+https://www.anypoint.mulesoft.com/exchange/?search=Remove%20Response%20Headers%20Policy+`
//+
//. Unzip each policy archive.

> //An XML and YAML file appears in each of the folders created by unzipping the archives. For example, the add-request-header-policy folder contains the following files:

Reviewer: Both an XML and a YAML

//* add-request.xml
//* add-request.yaml

> //You use these files to set up the policy as described later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
//You use these files to set up the policy.
```

//== Setting Up and Applying Header Policies

> //If you have configured custom policies in Anypoint Platform, the process is basically the same for add or remove header policies. The following steps show how to set //up and apply the policies in Anypoint Platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
//If you have configured custom policies in Anypoint Platform, the process is basically the same for adding or removing header policies. The following steps show how to set up and apply the policies in Anypoint Platform.
```

//To set up header policies:

//. Go to the main API Administration page.
//+

> //. On the main menu drop-down, select Custom policies. (Top right corner)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
//. In the main menu at the top right, select *Custom policies*.
```

//+

> //Custom Policies appears listing custom policies, if there are any, that are available for the API.

Reviewer: omit. This is the logical result of the previous step, which the user sees onscreen.

//+

> //. Click Add Custom Policy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
//. Click *Add Custom Policy*.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> //. In Name, enter a name for the policy, for example `add request header policy`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
//. In Name, enter a name for the policy: for example, `add request header policy`.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> //. In Policy Definition, click Choose File to locate the YAML file, `add-request.yaml` in this example, that you downloaded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
//. In Policy Definition, click *Choose File* to locate the YAML file that you downloaded (`add-request.yaml`).
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> //. In Policy Configuration, choose the XML file, for example, `add-request.xml`, that you downloaded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
//. In Policy Configuration, choose the XML file that you downloaded: for example, `add-request.xml`.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> //. Click Add.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
//. Click *Add*.
```

Reviewer: HAD TO END EDIT HERE DUE TO MEETING; please hold until noon if you can?

Author: Done!

//+
//image::gw-add-custom-pol.png[]
//+

> //The policy, add request header policy in this example, appears on the Custom Policies page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
//The new policy appears on the Custom Policies page.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

//+
//image::gw-custom-pol-list.png[]

> === Applying the Header Injection Policies

Reviewer 2: "policy"

> Continuing with example of the add request header policy, follow steps in this procedure to apply either of the following policies:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Continuing with the example of the Add Request Header policy, follow the steps in this procedure to apply either of the following policies:
```

Author: Text removed. Thanks!

> API Manager supports several policies for injecting or removing HTTP headers from a request or response. The policies take effect before sending the request or response.

Reviewer 2: There are only two policies now, 
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/35300185/65455869-83046800-de1e-11e9-9c8c-338a2c10eb71.png)
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/35300185/65455974-bba44180-de1e-11e9-9fb2-ac003f55f876.png)

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/35300185/65456006-c8289a00-de1e-11e9-950f-035d733f83ab.png)

Author: Changed! Thanks!

> Add Request Header policy injects one or more headers into a request from the client to the backend service, or overrides the value of an existing header.

Reviewer 2: maybe we can merge line 9 with 12. In both lines (9 and 12), the policy does not override the values, it adds new ones, the result will be a request with the old values plus the new ones.
E.g: Request with header "foo=value1" if we add the header "foo=value2" with the policy, the result will be a request with header "foo=value1, value2"

> The Remove Request Header policy prevents receipt of one or more specified headers sent from the client to the backend service.

Reviewer 2: maybe we can merge line 10 and 13

Author: Done! Thanks!

//* add-request.xml
//* add-request.yaml

//You use these files to set up the policy as described later.

//== Setting Up and Applying Header Policies

//If you have configured custom policies in Anypoint Platform, the process is basically the same for add or remove header policies. The following steps show how to set //up and apply the policies in Anypoint Platform.

//To set up header policies:

//. Go to the main API Administration page.
//+
//. On the main menu drop-down, select Custom policies. (Top right corner)
//+
//Custom Policies appears listing custom policies, if there are any, that are available for the API.
//+
//. Click Add Custom Policy.
//. In Name, enter a name for the policy, for example `add request header policy`.
//. In Policy Definition, click Choose File to locate the YAML file, `add-request.yaml` in this example, that you downloaded.
//. In Policy Configuration, choose the XML file, for example, `add-request.xml`, that you downloaded.
//. Click Add.
//+
//image::gw-add-custom-pol.png[]
//+
//The policy, add request header policy in this example, appears on the Custom Policies page.
//+
//image::gw-custom-pol-list.png[]

> === Applying the Add Request/Response Header Policies

Reviewer 2: change to the new policy name "Header Injection Policy"

Author: Done! Thanks!

> To apply add the request header policies or add response header policies:

Reviewer: Init. cap. policy names, but leave "policy" lowercase. GLOBAL, per Term Presentation List.

Author: Done!

//. Assuming you already deployed the API version, select the version on the API Administration page.

> //. On the API version details page, select Policies from the list of items.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
//. On the API version details page, select *Policies*.
```

Author: Removed! Thanks!

//+

> //The add request header policy, for example, appears in Available Policies.

Reviewer: Suggest omitting as the logical result of the previous step and something evident onscreen to user.

Reviewer: If you keep, init. cap. policy name.

Author: Done! Thanks!

//+

> //If the header was already provided by the client or another policy, the value is  overwritten by the one you provide in this policy.

Reviewer: How is this related to the step it follows? Do we really have to document what they can already see in the UI?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
//If a header was provided by the client or another policy, it is overwritten by the one you provide in this policy.
```

//+

> //. Click Apply.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
//. Click *Apply*.
```

//+

> //The Apply add request header policy dialog box appears.

Reviewer: Suggest omitting as self-evident.

//+

> . Type the name and value of a header. For example, type `extra-header` on the left and `myvalue` on the right.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Type the name and value of a header. 
For example, type `extra-header` on the left and `myvalue` on the right. Optionally, include MEL expressions in the value.
```

+

> . Optionally, include MEL expressions in the value of the header.

Reviewer: omit

> === Applying the Remove Request/Response Header Policies

Reviewer 2: It should be "Header Removal policy" (here and in the text)

Author: Ok! Done!

> === Applying the Remove Request/Response Header Policies

Reviewer 2: Header Removal Policy

> To apply the Header Removal Policy:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To apply the Header Removal policy:
```

> 

Reviewer 2: change to the new policy name "Header Removal Policy"

Author: Done! Thanks!

> To apply the remove request header or remove response header policies:

Reviewer 2: We only one policy for this two cases

Author: Ok changed!

+
The policy you applied moves from the Available policies list to the Applied policies list.

// == Testing Policy Applications

> // To test the execution of policies, follow the steps in this section to apply a policy and use curl, for example `curl` `+http://localhost:8081 -vvv+` to test the policies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// To test policy execution, follow these steps to apply a policy, and use curl (`curl` `+http://localhost:8081 -vvv+`) to test it.
```

// === Add Request Header Policy

> // The procedure for testing the add or remove request header policies assume that you created a mule application that logs the headers received by the backend service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// The procedure for testing the add or remove request header policies assumes that you created a Mule application that logs the headers received by the backend service.
```

> // . Apply the add request header policy to add a header as described in the previous section.

Reviewer: caps

> // . Apply the add request header policy to add a header as described in the previous section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// . Apply the Add Request Header policy.
```

Author: Text removed! Thanks!

// . Run curl.

> // . Check the log of the backend service to verify that request includes the additional header name and value you configured in step 1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// . Check the backend service log to verify that the request includes the additional header name and value you configured in Step 1.
```

Author: Removed text! Thanks!

// === Remove Request Header Policy

> // The procedure for testing the remove request header policy assumes that you created a mule application that logs the headers received by the backend service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// The procedure for testing the Remove Request Header policy assumes that you created a Mule application that logs the headers received by the backend service.
```

Author: Text removed! Thanks!

> // . Apply the remove request header policy to remove a header as described in the previous section.

Reviewer: Please apply to these three steps the same edits as made in the previous topic.

Author: Text removed!

. Apply the remove request header policy to remove a header as described in the previous section.
. Run curl.
. Verify that the backend service excludes the extra header by checking the log.
// . Apply the remove request header policy to remove a header as described in the previous section.
// . Run curl.
// . Verify that the backend service excludes the extra header by checking the log.

=== Add Response Header Policy
// === Add Response Header Policy

. Run curl.
. Check the response to see which headers are being received by the client.
. Apply the add response header policy to add a response to the header.
. Run curl again.
. Verify that the specified header is received.
// . Run curl.
// . Check the response to see which headers are being received by the client.
// . Apply the add response header policy to add a response to the header.
// . Run curl again.
// . Verify that the specified header is received.

=== Remove Response Header Policy
// === Remove Response Header Policy

. Run curl.
. Check the response to see which headers are being received by the client.
. Apply the remove response header policy to remove a response from the header.
. Run curl again.

> . Verify that the specified header is removed.

Reviewer: Ditto previous edits to the similar steps above

Author: Text removed! Thanks!
